Dynamic load generation with remote control (#17)
elastic/opbeans-loadgen: dyno/README.md

[![Build Status](https://apm-ci.elastic.co/buildStatus/icon?job=apm-agent-python%2Fopbeans-loadgen-mbp%2Fmaster)](https://apm-ci.elastic.co/job/apm-agent-python/job/opbeans-loadgen-mbp/job/master/)

# Dyno Web Interface for Opbeans Load Generator

The Dyno Web Interface is designed for use with the APM Integration Test Suite when it is run in Dyno mode using the `--dyno` flag. 

When this flag is present, the Opbeans Load Generator is included as a running service and the Dyno web service is automatically enabled, allowing for on-demand load-generation to be controlled both programatically and directly by a user from a web interface.

## HTTP method overview

The following is a list of HTTP methods and their purpose. For specifics including possible arguments and expected returns, please see the in-line documentation:

Endpoint|HTTP Verb|Description
--------|---------|-----------
`/api/start`|`POST`|Start a load-generation job
`/api/list`|`GET`|List all configured jobs
`/api/update`|`POST`|Updates a running job with a new configuration
`/api/stop`|`GET`|Stops a currently-running load-generation job

> `/api/scenarios`|`GET`|Retreive a list of scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/api/scenarios`|`GET`|Retrieve a list of scenarios
```

### Stats streaming
To facilitate the realtime streaming of stats about load generation, the `statsd` option [is integrated with Molotov](https://molotov.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cli/). 

## Scenarios

[Scenarios](https://molotov.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/#running-one-scenario) are the means through which the load-generator selects which URLs to apply to load to and at what frequency. They are written as pure Python scripts.

The Opbeans Load Generator project includes multiple scenarios out of the box. They are included in the `/scenarios` directory. Additional scenarios can be added there and will be immediately available to a running application without the need to restart.

Custom scenarios can include dynamic variables via the inclusion of certain environment variables which can control their behavior.

### Controlling scenario behavior
The following environment variables are supported inside scenarios:

Environment Variable|Description
--------------------|-----------
`SERVER_URL`|The target for load traffic

> `SERVICE_NAME`|The type of service. Used to differenate between the specific endpoints available in different opebeans. Ex: `opbeans-python`|`default`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SERVICE_NAME`|The type of service. Used to differentiate between the specific endpoints available in different opbeans. Ex: `opbeans-python`|`default`
```
